romkatv/powerlevel10k kind:fpath

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/functions.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/compfix.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/completion.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/directories.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/git.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/grep.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/history.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/key-bindings.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/misc.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/spectrum.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/termsupport.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/theme-and-appearance.zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib/vcs_info.zsh

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/asdf
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vi-mode

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/kubectl

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/yarn
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/zoxide
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fzf

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/ripgrep kind:fpath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fd kind:fpath
docker/cli path:contrib/completion/zsh kind:fpath

zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting
